feat: Adding constraint template and constraints to verify deprecated API (#278)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper-library: website/docs/verifydeprecatedapi.md

                  kinds: 
                    type: array
                    items:
                      type: string
                    description: impacted list of kinds  
                  targetAPI:
                    type: string
                    description: target api        
            k8sVersion:
              type: number
              description: kubernetes version
  targets:
    - target: admission.k8s.gatekeeper.sh
      rego: |
        package verifydeprecatedapi

        violation[{"msg": msg}] {
          kvs := input.parameters.kvs[_]
          kvs.deprecatedAPI == input.review.object.apiVersion
          k := kvs.kinds[_]
          k == input.review.object.kind
          msg := get_message(input.review.object.kind, input.review.object.apiVersion, input.parameters.k8sVersion, kvs.targetAPI)
        }

        get_message(kind, apiVersion, k8sVersion, targetAPI) = msg {
          not match(targetAPI)
          msg := sprintf("API %v for %v is deprecated in kubeversion %v, please use %v instead", [kind, apiVersion, k8sVersion, targetAPI])
        }

        get_message(kind, apiVersion, k8sVersion, targetAPI) = msg {
          match(targetAPI)

>           msg := sprintf("API %v for %v is deprecated in kubeversion %v, please see kubernetes API deprication guide", [kind, apiVersion, k8sVersion])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          msg := sprintf("API %v for %v is deprecated in Kubernetes version %v, please see Kubernetes API deprecation guide", [kind, apiVersion, k8sVersion])
```

---
id: verifydeprecatedapi
title: Verify deprecated APIs
---

# Verify deprecated APIs

## Description
Verifies deprecated Kubernetes APIs to ensure all the API versions are up to date.

> 

Reviewer: can we add note saying this won't be applicable for audit and state the reason

Author: done!
